Wouldn't it be too cheap for him to kill him like this?
Besides, you can't go to jail if he's dead.
Give him to me.
I will make him live in pain for the rest of his life
Come
Take him away
Tell me how you want to die
Give me a break.
Please forgive me.
It's all my ghosts and gods called dragons
How can we say that we are all family?
I never want to see this person again
sister
What happened back then?
Parents and grandparents used to be members of the Illuminati
But because he hated the behavior of the Illuminati
decide to quit
But they have gold and silver in their hands
Killed by emotion
Fortunately, grandpa escaped
After so many years of investigation
Finally, I have an explanation for my parents
Come on. Let's go to Tianjin.
Music brings people
The Illuminati have been killed by us
Yes, I did underestimate your strength
No, why has your voice changed?
What about my grandfather?